---
layout: project
permalink: /:title/
category: projects

meta:
  keywords: "Architecture,Academic,Interior"

project:
  title: "CITY OF WATER"
  sub: "Academic"
  url: 
  logo: "assets/images/projects/City of water/flood.png"
  type: "Academic"

agency:
  location: "Seongsu-dong, Seoul, S.Korea"
  url: 
  area: "4788m²"
  year: "2022"

images:
  - image:
    url: "/assets/images/projects/City of water/City of water_업로드용.jpg"
    alt: "Intro"
 
---
<p>Seongdong-gu is a borough with a historical context in which the village was formed around a well. In this area, wells were a representative community space. In addition, Seongdong-gu faces the longest waterside in Seoul, so it can be called a CITY OF WATER. However, Seongdong-gu’s unique feature of water is not being utilized in the city. In modern times, no traces of the well site remain, and the waterfront space is disconnected from the city due to its linear structure. Therefore, based on the historical motif of a well, it was necessary to strengthen the character of water and build a water-friendly space. 

A well is a representative urban community space formed based on the essential need for water. In the past, people communicated with each other and exchanged information by washing clothes and drawing water from wells. However, as wells gradually began to disappear, these communities naturally disappeared as well. In modern times, community centers serve as local hubs, but people do not go there to communicate with each other, but only for resident services. This project proposes a water-friendly community center that not only provides services to residents, but also allows communication between residents through water.</p>
