---
layout: project
permalink: /:title/
category: projects

meta:
  keywords: "Architecture,Academic,Interior"

project:
  title: "CARBON: EAT"
  sub: "Academic"
  url: 
  logo: "assets/images/projects/carbon/main.png"
  type: "Academic"

agency:
  location: "Seongsu-dong,   Seoul"
  url: 
  area: "0"
  year: "2022"

images:
  - image:
    url: "assets/images/projects/day to day/Intro.jpg"
    alt: "Intro"
  - image:
    url: "assets/images/projects/day to day/Site.jpg"
    alt: "Site"
  - image:
    url: "assets/images/projects/day to day/0003.jpg"
    alt: "Project Concept"
  - image:
    url: "assets/images/projects/day to day/0004.jpg"
    alt: "Design developing"
  - image:
    url: "assets/images/projects/day to day/0005.jpg"
    alt: "Floorplan"
  - image:
    url: "assets/images/projects/day to day/0006.jpg"
    alt: "Section"
  - image:
    url: "assets/images/projects/day to day/0007.jpg.png"
    alt: "Rendering"
---
<p>Before Ttukseom of Seongdong-gu turned into a hipster area with many trendy and popular shops, there was an industrial complex in 1963, and farmland in the past. At the time, Ttukseom was major cultivation area for cabbage and radish consumed by Seoul citizens. The residents of Ttukseom used to enjoy eating 'Ttukseom-cabbage' like meat. This means that there was vegan DNA in the Ttukseom area. However, Seongdong-gu, which was full of fields and had clean air, ranked 6th among 25 boroughs in Seoul in the April 2022 greenhouse gas emissions survey and 5th in the electricity consumption survey. </p>
<p>This project presents a plan to solve the air quality problem in Seongdong-gu, which has changed due to Ttukseom's industrial complex, in a sustainable way. Project aim to make a zero carbon space by producing Ttukseom's local soju using water drawn from Jungnangcheon Stream near Ttukseom, rice from Ttuekseom and directly captured carbon. This means that both production and comsumption take place, significantly reducing the carbon generated during the trasportation process. Space was designed to be open so that as many people as possible can visit the space and participate in this social circulation process. In addition, an  architectural promenade through a sequence of different stairs was used to allow people to enjoy the zero carbon process. Through this project, sustainable food culture will spread in the Ttukseom area and the local community will be revitalized. </p>
<p>Now is the time for more people to recognize the climate crisis and take action for our planet.</p>
